It happened by accident, truly this great master, great practitioner, made so much journey for
effort, devotion, courage, and commitment, and practice, meditation, and day practice, continuous
ongoing lineage, like in the teaching, you say, golden mountain, stainless golden mountain, lineage
, chain of the stainless golden mountain, were kept in this practice with love, with completion,
with non-violence.
With appreciation, we also humbled, humiliated, kept this teaching. Today we are connected with
these teachings. I mean, you are connected, not just today, you are all connected.
Therefore, also we shall feel great, enjoy. A cold Buddhism, in the Buddha thinking, there is no
cold accidentally, there is cold conditions.
Since we are connected with such a great teaching, it has a lot of good cause and conditions.
Should we appreciate, thankful, grateful, and take the moment, take the opportunity, apply these
teachings to the heart, not just for two days, two weeks, or two months, or years, and kind of drop
these things.
That happens many times in the practice. Those are known as obstacles. Obstacles damage the heart.
What is heard into them more is those who do them, those who do those things.
It is happening in the multitude, so many times, just kind of like, they have the starting time, so
enthusiastic, so joh, so loud, completely, and then kind of like, doubt and hesitation and the
skeptical, destruction times, all that, and then finally drop.
And then back to when we survived, back to start. That is not a problem, not a burden. In a way, it
is disappointing, disappointing.
Leave this world, we need to say this moment is one of the best wars and disasters that we can face
in our lives.
We should leave this world with joy and appreciation, fulfillment, and then we have some
destination to target. That's wonderful. We need this destination, and we need gold.
Even if we don't have the complete partnership with this destination, we should leave this world
with joy and appreciation, fulfillment, with content attitude, that is good.
One great master, he's from the university, said, "We should leave this world without any regret,
regret, and disappointment."
That is not good. And therefore, again, personally, with half in joy, that sense we are connected,
such as this great teaching and great, beautiful teaching, the love and content.
This teaching is not, we're not practicing to please someone or to make our heart in someone.
Or we're scared or we don't practice, or we're not going to practice. We're practicing that for
ourselves.
Then everything, pain, for all living with, token with, that will speed our realization, our
understanding.
Leave this world. And therefore, this practice, for us, we look, revealing our own nature, our
beauty for our colors, our enlightened state, what we have there.
And it will move away and kind of reducing the obstacles, the hindrances, that which are making
obstacles to us, hindrances, throughout the lifetime, or even this lifetime.
That is what we are really doing. So therefore, it is so to joy and appreciation, and now with this
...